Why don't I know?
It's what our family doesn't want.
Bullying you powerful
That's not bullying, is it?
It's too easy for me to break one of his hands
Somebody drag them all out
Don't set foot in here again
son
Thank you for being Lan Zhan's bitch
He offended the losers himself
You are punished by them
Should have found someone to kill his brother long ago
What should I do now?
If you offend the Su family, we will not exterminate the door, right?
It's hard to march
Don't live the hard days of the past
Shut up!
The Gu family can achieve today
They all rely on the West Lake to work hard
Won't let anyone destroy him
Even if that bitch Sunan gives me money to start a company
How can I get on my way?
Don't blame you.
Mom, call your mom
Let no one nest up in front of him, Young Master Su
He's done this to you
Are we still begging him to hit you?
Can our family protect women's insurance only by virtue of the country?
You have to rely on the Su family
One day I will replace them
It's not too late to scrap